CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to ebay_rest

Thank you for your interest in contributing to ebay_rest! We welcome contributions from the community and are excited to work with you to make this project better.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Development Setup](#development-setup)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Code Style](#code-style)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Submitting a Pull Request](#submitting-a-pull-request)
- [Release Steps](#release-steps)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

Before you begin contributing, please familiarize yourself with the following:

1. **Project Overview**: Read the [README.md](README.md) to understand the purpose and features of this project.
2. **Code of Conduct**: Please adhere to the project's [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all interactions.

## Development Setup

To set up your local development environment, follow these steps:

1. Clone the Repository

Start by cloning the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest.git
cd ebay_rest
```

2. Create a virtual environment.
```bash
python -m venv myenv
```

3. Activate the virtual environment:
- On Linux/Mac:
```bash
source myenv/bin/activate
```
- On Windows:
```bash
myenv\Scripts\activate
```

4. Install Dependencies
Both end user and developer.

```bash
pip install '.[complete,dev]'
playwright install chromium
```

5. Install the current stable 3.x.x version of [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen). 

- On Mac utilizing [Homebrew](https://brew.sh):
```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
brew install swagger-codegen
```

6. In the test directory, copy "ebay_rest_sample.json" to "ebay_rest.json" and follow the instructions in the file.

7. Verify the Installation
Ensure that the installation was successful by running the following commands:

```bash
black --version
This should return the version of black installed, indicating that the dev dependencies are set up correctly.
```

## How to Contribute

We welcome various types of contributions, including:

- Bug Fixes: If you find a bug, please consider fixing it and submitting a pull request.
- Feature Requests: If you have an idea for a new feature, feel free to submit an issue or a pull request.
- Documentation: Improvements to documentation are always appreciated.

## Code Hints

* The error number guide is found in the Error class definition.
* Watch for README.md files in directories; they contain warnings about generated code and perhaps other things.
* Do test driven development; while adding features or fixing bugs, modify /test/ebay_rest.py and run it.
* Periodically run /script/generate_code.py to get the latest API information from eBay and generate code.
* Content-dependent unit tests can randomly fail; eBay's sandbox resets daily, so retry tomorrow.

## Code Style

We use black to enforce code style. Please format your code before submitting a pull request:

```bash
black .
```

## Testing

We use unittest for testing. Please ensure that all tests pass before submitting your changes:

```bash
python -m unittest discover
```

## Submitting a Pull Request

To submit a pull request:

Fork the repository: Create your fork on GitHub.
Create a branch: Create a feature or bugfix branch (git checkout -b my-feature-branch).
Commit your changes: Use descriptive commit messages.
Push to your fork: (git push origin my-feature-branch).
Submit a pull request: Go to the original repository on GitHub and submit a pull request.

## Release Steps

1. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands, the first will only work on macOS.
```bash
brew update && brew upgrade && brew cleanup
python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
python3 -m pip install --upgrade '.[complete,dev]'
playwright install chromium
black .
pipreqs --print src
```
2. edit the pyproject.toml file
   1. update the section install_requires per the output from pipregs
   2. advance the [Semantic three-part version number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_versioning)
3. repeat until error-free 
   1. run /ebay_rest/scripts/generate_code.py
   2. run /test/ebay_rest.py
   3. resolve any errors but don't directly edit the code generated by generate_code.py
4. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands
   1. python3 -m build
   2. python3 -m twine upload dist/\*1.0.X.\*
      1. in place of 0.0.xx put the new version number
      2. paste your token when prompted

## License

By contributing to ebay_rest, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update dependencies and improve contributing guidelines
Revised `CONTRIBUTING.md` with clearer instructions for formatting and dependency updates. Updated `pyproject.toml` to include `python-dateutil` and clarified dependency management in optional installations.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to ebay_rest

Thank you for your interest in contributing to ebay_rest! We welcome contributions from the community and are excited to work with you to make this project better.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Development Setup](#development-setup)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Code Style](#code-style)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Submitting a Pull Request](#submitting-a-pull-request)
- [Release Steps](#release-steps)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

Before you begin contributing, please familiarize yourself with the following:

1. **Project Overview**: Read the [README.md](README.md) to understand the purpose and features of this project.
2. **Code of Conduct**: Please adhere to the project's [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all interactions.

## Development Setup

To set up your local development environment, follow these steps:

1. Clone the Repository

Start by cloning the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest.git
cd ebay_rest
```

2. Create a virtual environment.
```bash
python -m venv myenv
```

3. Activate the virtual environment:
- On Linux/Mac:
```bash
source myenv/bin/activate
```
- On Windows:
```bash
myenv\Scripts\activate
```

4. Install Dependencies
Both end user and developer.

```bash
pip install '.[complete,dev]'
playwright install chromium
```

5. Install the current stable 3.x.x version of [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen). 

- On Mac utilizing [Homebrew](https://brew.sh):
```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
brew install swagger-codegen
```

6. In the test directory, copy "ebay_rest_sample.json" to "ebay_rest.json" and follow the instructions in the file.

7. Verify the Installation
Ensure that the installation was successful by running the following commands:

```bash
black --version
This should return the version of black installed, indicating that the dev dependencies are set up correctly.
```

## How to Contribute

We welcome various types of contributions, including:

- Bug Fixes: If you find a bug, please consider fixing it and submitting a pull request.
- Feature Requests: If you have an idea for a new feature, feel free to submit an issue or a pull request.
- Documentation: Improvements to documentation are always appreciated.

## Code Hints

* The error number guide is found in the Error class definition.
* Watch for README.md files in directories; they contain warnings about generated code and perhaps other things.
* Do test driven development; while adding features or fixing bugs, modify /test/ebay_rest.py and run it.
* Periodically run /script/generate_code.py to get the latest API information from eBay and generate code.
* Content-dependent unit tests can randomly fail; eBay's sandbox resets daily, so retry tomorrow.

## Code Style

We use black to enforce code style. Please format your code before submitting a pull request:

```bash
black --check .
```

## Testing

We use unittest for testing. Please ensure that all tests pass before submitting your changes:

```bash
python -m unittest discover
```

## Submitting a Pull Request

To submit a pull request:

Fork the repository: Create your fork on GitHub.
Create a branch: Create a feature or bugfix branch (git checkout -b my-feature-branch).
Commit your changes: Use descriptive commit messages.
Push to your fork: (git push origin my-feature-branch).
Submit a pull request: Go to the original repository on GitHub and submit a pull request.

## Release Steps

1. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands, the first will only work on macOS.
```bash
brew update && brew upgrade && brew cleanup
python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
python3 -m pip install --upgrade '.[complete,dev]'
playwright install chromium
black .
pipreqs --print src
```
2. edit the pyproject.toml file
   1. update the dependencies section in pyproject.toml per the output from pipreqs
   2. advance the [Semantic three-part version number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_versioning)
3. repeat until error-free 
   1. run /ebay_rest/scripts/generate_code.py
   2. run /test/ebay_rest.py
   3. resolve any errors but don't directly edit the code generated by generate_code.py
4. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands
   1. python3 -m build
   2. python3 -m twine upload dist/\*1.0.X.\*
      1. in place of 0.0.xx put the new version number
      2. paste your token when prompted

## License

By contributing to ebay_rest, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
