README.md, before:

# ebay_rest
A Python 3 pip package that wraps eBay’s REST APIs.

## BASIC Installation
Start with the basic installation of the package. It is easier to install, saves storage and is often enough.

Use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install ebay_rest.  Substitute pip3 for pip if your computer also has Python 2 installed.
```bash
pip install ebay_rest
```

## COMPLETE Installation
The complete installation has an extra ability; it can use browser automation to get what eBay calls a user token.

When installing the library, utilize the 'extra' we named complete.
```bash
pip install ebay_rest[complete]
```

Install [Chrome](https://www.google.ca/chrome/).
```bash
pip install selenium
```

Install [Webdriver](https://sites.google.com/chromium.org/driver/), aka Chromedriver, for your version of Chrome .

Here is a method for installing Webdriver/Chromedriver on macOS and tweaking security to permit it.

Install [HomeBrew](https://brew.sh)
```bash
brew install chromedriver
```
```bash
cd /usr/local/Caskroom/chromedriver
```
cd to the subdirectory that matches your Chrome version, e.g., 91.0.4472.101
```bash
xattr -d com.apple.quarantine chromedriver
```
## Setup

Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/blob/main/tests/ebay_rest_EXAMPLE.json). 

## Usage

```python
from ebay_rest import API, DateTime, Error, Reference

print(f"eBay's official date and time is {DateTime.to_string(DateTime.now())}.\n")

print("All valid eBay global id values, also known as site ids.")
print(Reference.get_global_id_values(), '\n')

try:
    api = API(application='production_1', user='production_1', header='US')
except Error as error:
    print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason}  {error.detail}.\n')
else:
    try:
        print("The five least expensive iPhone things now for sale on-eBay:")        
        for record in api.buy_browse_search(q='iPhone', sort='price', limit=5):
            if 'record' not in record:
                pass    # TODO Refer to non-records, they contain optimization information.
            else:
                item = record['record']
                print(f"item id: {item['item_id']} {item['item_web_url']}")
    except Error as error:
        print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason} {error.detail}.\n')
    else:
        pass

print("\nClass documentation:")
print(help(API))    # Over a hundred methods are available!
print(help(DateTime))
print(help(Error))
print(help(Reference))
```

## FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions

**Question:** How are API results organized?

**Answer:**  
* Elemental information is stored in dates, integers, strings and other basic [built-in types](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html).
* [Dictionaries](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#dict) contain related elements.
* [Lists](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#list) contain information organized repetitively; expect zero or more contents.
* Dicts and Lists may be nested.
* eBay classifies data as optional or mandatory. Optional elements, dicts or lists are omitted. Manditories have a [None](https://docs.python.org/3/library/constants.html?highlight=none#None) value.

##
**Q:** How are paged calls/results handled? 

**A:** A [simple generator](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0255/#specification-yield) is implemented.
* To be clear, "Paging" is eBay's term for repeating a call while advancing a record offset to get all records.
* eBay documentation has the word "Page" in the return type of paging calls. 
* Do NOT supply a record "offset" parameter when making a paging call.
* The "limit" parameter is repurposed to control how many records from the entire set you want.
* To get all possible records, don't supply a limit.
* eBay imposes a hard limit on some calls, typically 10,000 records. Use filters to help keep below the limit. Use try-except to handle going over.
* Avoid exhausting memory by making the call within a ["for" loop](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#for).

##
**Q:** What should I do when the browser automation opens pops a window open on my computer? 

**A:** Watch and be ready to act.
* At the beginning, you may see a captcha; you need to complete it within 30-seconds.
* Near the end, you may see a 2FA (two-factor authentication) prompt; you need to complete it within 30-seconds.
* Otherwise, be patient, give the whole thing up to 2-minutes to complete, the pop-up will close automatically.

##
**Q:** Can the browser automation be stopped? 

**A1:** Quoting a user of this library, "I use ebay_rest for a web server application and don't use [browser automation] to get refresh tokens. I use JS to push people to the right eBay web page when they click an 'authorize' button; they then fill in their login on the eBay site and I pick up the consent token on our 'live' server (the one specified on the eBay token details). The live server then builds a redirect which goes to the machine that actually requested the token originally (all this happens in the browser, including the original eBay redirect, so it all works fine with localhost addresses)."

**A2:** Reusing the result of the browser pop-up is possible. After running your program, check your terminal/console or [info level logger](https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/logging.html) to see your “production_refresh_token” and “refresh_token_expiry”.

When the following are blank, browser automation is used to get refresh tokens.
```
    "refresh_token": "",
    "refresh_token_expiry": ""
```

Instead, do something like this, with, of course, your token info.
```
    "refresh_token": "production_refresh_token",
    "refresh_token_expiry": "production_token_expiry"
```

Use of an ebay_rest.json file is optional; the Class initializer accepts relevant keyword parameters.
```
        :param application (str or dict, optional) :
        Supply the name of the desired application record in ebay_rest.json or a dict with application credentials.

        Can omit when ebay_rest.json contains only one application record.
        :param user (str or dict, optional) :
        Supply the name of the desired user record in ebay_rest.json or a dict with user credentials.
        Can omit when ebay_rest.json contains only one user record.

        :param header (str or dict, optional) :
        Supply the name of the desired header record in ebay_rest.json or a dict with header credentials.
        Can omit when ebay_rest.json contains only one header record.
```

Sample code.
```python
from ebay_rest import API, Error

application = {
    "app_id": "placeholder-placeholder-PRD-placeholder-placeholder",
    "cert_id": "PRD-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder",
    "dev_id": "placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder",
    "redirect_uri": "placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder"
}

user = {
    "email_or_username": "<production-username>",
    "password": "<production-user-password>",
    "scopes": [
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.inventory",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.marketing",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.account",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.fulfillment"
    ],
    "refresh_token": "production-refresh_token",
    "refresh_token_expiry": "production-token_expiry"
}

header = {
    "accept_language": "en-US",
    "affiliate_campaign_id": "",
    "affiliate_reference_id": "",
    "content_language": "en-CA",
    "country": "CA",
    "currency": "CAD",
    "device_id": "",
    "marketplace_id": "EBAY_ENCA",
    "zip": ""
}

try:
    api = API(application=application, user=user, header=header)
except Error as error:
    print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason}  {error.detail}.\n')
else:
    try:
        print("The five least expensive iPhone things now for sale on-eBay:")        
        for record in api.buy_browse_search(q='iPhone', sort='price', limit=5):
            if 'record' not in record:
                pass    # TODO Refer to non-records, they contain optimization information.
            else:
                item = record['record']
                print(f"item id: {item['item_id']} {item['item_web_url']}")
    except Error as error:
        print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason} {error.detail}.\n')
    else:
        pass

```
When using eBay's sandbox:
1. Omit "scopes."
2. Your credentials will contain 'SBX' instead of 'PRD.'

Output.
```
The five least expensive iPhone things now for sale on eBay:
item id: v1|110551100598|410108380484 http://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/Retro-Magnetic-Wallet-Leather-Case-For-Apple-iPhone-13-Pro-Max-12-11-XR-8-Cover-/110551100598?hash=item19bd5becb6:g:aXsAAOSwaiFiyAV9
item id: v1|110551164737|410108400925 http://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/For-iPhone-6-6-7-8-Plus-LCD-Display-Touch-Screen-Replacement-Home-Button-Camera-/110551164737?hash=item19bd5ce741:g:6hcAAOSwE3Ni45Qu
item id: v1|110551164738|410108400957 http://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/For-iPhone-6-6-7-8-Plus-LCD-Display-Touch-Screen-Replacement-Home-Button-Camera-/110551164738?hash=item19bd5ce742:g:4BcAAOSwG8Ni45Ra
item id: v1|110551164739|410108400989 http://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/For-iPhone-6-6-7-8-Plus-LCD-Display-Touch-Screen-Replacement-Home-Button-Camera-/110551164739?hash=item19bd5ce743:g:4CEAAOSwG8Ni45SQ
```


##
**Q:** Why is eBay giving an "Internal Error" or "Internal Server Error"? 

**A:** Rapidly repeating an API call with the same parameter values can trigger this.
##
**Q:** Parallelism, is it safe to do [treading](https://docs.python.org/3/library/threading.html) or [multiprocessing](https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html)?

**A:** Yes, for treading. Multiprocessing is unknown, [help wanted](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/20).
##
**Q:** How to optimize API calls?

**A:** Prioritized, do the first things first.
1. Cache results to avoid repeating calls with identical parameter values.
2. Some calls have filtering options; omit unneeded data.
3. When the call returns a list, make the call in a ["for" loop](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#for). 
4. Use [threading](https://docs.python.org/3/library/threading.html) to make calls in parallel but don't exhaust RAM.
5. Use multiprocessing. -- Multiprocessing support is a [goal](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/20). -- A safe workaround is to concurrently run copies of your program and divide the work among each.
6. Reuse the API object.
7. Switch to a faster internet connection. 
8. Switch to computer with faster cores.

##
**Q:** How to get data from a response header?

**A:** It is not currently possible; it is an [open issue](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/38).
Workarounds:
1. In some cases, another call can get the information; a demonstration is in the [unit tests](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/blob/main/tests/ebay_rest.py), search for test_sell_feed_create_inventory_task and task_id_new.
2. You could fork this library, and hack the call you need, so that it returns that needed data.
3. You could write code from scratch to make the RestFul call.
##
**Q:** How to upload a file?

**A:** It is not currently possible; it is an [open issue](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/60).
Workarounds:
1. In some cases, another call can be made for each record instead of doing a bulk upload.
2. You could fork this library, and hack the call you need, to force-feed it to your file location.
3. You could write code from scratch to make the RestFul call.

## Contributing
* Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
* Note the error number guide documented in the Error class definition.
* Observe README.me files found in directories that contain generated code. 
* Please make sure to update unit tests as appropriate.

Setup Steps
1. Use your preferred Python development tools, I use [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/).
2. Make a virtual environment for pip; I use 'venv.' 
3. Install the Python libraries needed for code generation and release.
```bash
python3 -m pip install -r requirements_dev.txt
```
4. Install the code generator from [Swagger](https://swagger.io/). Run 'brew' on macOS and 'sudo' on Linux.
```bash
brew install swagger-codegen
```
```bash
sudo apt-get install swagger-codegen
```
5. In the test directory, copy "ebay_rest_sample.json" to "ebay_rest.json" and follow the instructions in the file.
6. Follow the earlier instructions about installing Chome and chromedriver.

Development Steps:
* Watch for README.md files in directories; they contain warnings about generated code and perhaps other things.
* Do test driven development; while adding features or fixing bugs, modify /test/ebay_rest.py and run it.
* Periodically run /script/generate_code.py to get the latest API information from eBay and generate code.

Release Steps 
1. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands
   1. (macOS only) brew update && brew upgrade && brew cleanup
   2. (Linux only) sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade
   3. python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
   4. python3 -m pip install --upgrade -r requirements_dev.txt
   5. pipreqs --print src
2. edit the setup.cfg file
   1. update the section install_requires per the output from pipregs
   2. advance the version number
3. repeat until error-free 
   1. run /ebay_rest/scripts/generate_code.py
   2. run /test/ebay_rest.py
   3. resolve any errors but don't directly edit the code generated by generate_code.py
4. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands
   1. python3 -m build
   2. python3 -m twine upload dist/\*0.0.XX\*
      1. in place of 0.0.xx put the new version number
      2. username: \_\_token\_\_
      3. password: your token

## Legal
* [MIT](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/blob/main/LICENSE) licence.
* "Python" is a trademark of the [Python Software Foundation](https://www.python.org/psf/).
* "eBay" is a trademark of [eBay Inc](https://www.ebay.com).
* Official endorsement by [eBay Inc](https://www.ebay.com) is not claimed or implied.
* The origin of the oath code is [eBay Oauth Python Client](https://github.com/eBay/ebay-oauth-python-client).

Commit message:

Added a bit of info to README.md.

README.md, after:

# ebay_rest
A Python 3 pip package that wraps eBay’s REST APIs.

## BASIC Installation
Start with the basic installation of the package. It is easier to install, saves storage and is often enough.

Use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install ebay_rest.  Substitute pip3 for pip if your computer also has Python 2 installed.
```bash
pip install ebay_rest
```

## COMPLETE Installation
The complete installation has an extra ability; it can use browser automation to get what eBay calls a user token.

When installing the library, utilize the 'extra' we named complete.
```bash
pip install ebay_rest[complete]
```

Install [Chrome](https://www.google.ca/chrome/).
```bash
pip install selenium
```

Install [Webdriver](https://sites.google.com/chromium.org/driver/), aka Chromedriver, for your version of Chrome .

Here is a method for installing Webdriver/Chromedriver on macOS and tweaking security to permit it.

Install [HomeBrew](https://brew.sh)
```bash
brew install chromedriver
```
```bash
cd /usr/local/Caskroom/chromedriver
```
cd to the subdirectory that matches your Chrome version, e.g., 91.0.4472.101
```bash
xattr -d com.apple.quarantine chromedriver
```
## Setup

Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/blob/main/tests/ebay_rest_EXAMPLE.json). 

## Usage

```python
from ebay_rest import API, DateTime, Error, Reference

print(f"eBay's official date and time is {DateTime.to_string(DateTime.now())}.\n")

print("All valid eBay global id values, also known as site ids.")
print(Reference.get_global_id_values(), '\n')

try:
    api = API(application='production_1', user='production_1', header='US')
except Error as error:
    print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason}  {error.detail}.\n')
else:
    try:
        print("The five least expensive iPhone things now for sale on-eBay:")        
        for record in api.buy_browse_search(q='iPhone', sort='price', limit=5):
            if 'record' not in record:
                pass    # TODO Refer to non-records, they contain optimization information.
            else:
                item = record['record']
                print(f"item id: {item['item_id']} {item['item_web_url']}")
    except Error as error:
        print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason} {error.detail}.\n')
    else:
        pass

print("\nClass documentation:")
print(help(API))    # Over a hundred methods are available!
print(help(DateTime))
print(help(Error))
print(help(Reference))
```

## FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions

**Question:** How are API results organized?

**Answer:**  
* Elemental information is stored in dates, integers, strings and other basic [built-in types](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html).
* [Dictionaries](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#dict) contain related elements.
* [Lists](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#list) contain information organized repetitively; expect zero or more contents.
* Dicts and Lists may be nested.
* eBay classifies data as optional or mandatory. Optional elements, dicts or lists are omitted. Manditories have a [None](https://docs.python.org/3/library/constants.html?highlight=none#None) value.

##
**Q:** How are paged calls/results handled? 

**A:** A [simple generator](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0255/#specification-yield) is implemented.
* To be clear, "Paging" is eBay's term for repeating a call while advancing a record offset to get all records.
* eBay documentation has the word "Page" in the return type of paging calls. 
* Do NOT supply a record "offset" parameter when making a paging call.
* The "limit" parameter is repurposed to control how many records from the entire set you want.
* To get all possible records, don't supply a limit.
* eBay imposes a hard limit on some calls, typically 10,000 records. Use filters to help keep below the limit. Use try-except to handle going over.
* Avoid exhausting memory by making the call within a ["for" loop](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#for).

##
**Q:** What should I do when the browser automation opens pops a window open on my computer? 

**A:** Watch and be ready to act.
* At the beginning, you may see a captcha; you need to complete it within 30-seconds.
* Near the end, you may see a 2FA (two-factor authentication) prompt; you need to complete it within 30-seconds.
* Otherwise, be patient, give the whole thing up to 2-minutes to complete, the pop-up will close automatically.

##
**Q:** Can the browser automation be stopped? 

**A1:** Quoting a user of this library, "I use ebay_rest for a web server application and don't use [browser automation] to get refresh tokens. I use JS to push people to the right eBay web page when they click an 'authorize' button; they then fill in their login on the eBay site and I pick up the consent token on our 'live' server (the one specified on the eBay token details). The live server then builds a redirect which goes to the machine that actually requested the token originally (all this happens in the browser, including the original eBay redirect, so it all works fine with localhost addresses)."

**A2:** Reusing the result of the browser pop-up is possible. After running your program, check your terminal/console or [info level logger](https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/logging.html) to see your “production_refresh_token” and “refresh_token_expiry”.

When the following are blank, browser automation is used to get refresh tokens.
```
    "refresh_token": "",
    "refresh_token_expiry": ""
```

Instead, do something like this, with, of course, your token info.
```
    "refresh_token": "production_refresh_token",
    "refresh_token_expiry": "production_token_expiry"
```

Use of an ebay_rest.json file is optional; the Class initializer accepts relevant keyword parameters.
```
        :param application (str or dict, optional) :
        Supply the name of the desired application record in ebay_rest.json or a dict with application credentials.

        Can omit when ebay_rest.json contains only one application record.
        :param user (str or dict, optional) :
        Supply the name of the desired user record in ebay_rest.json or a dict with user credentials.
        Can omit when ebay_rest.json contains only one user record.

        :param header (str or dict, optional) :
        Supply the name of the desired header record in ebay_rest.json or a dict with header credentials.
        Can omit when ebay_rest.json contains only one header record.
```

Sample code.
```python
from ebay_rest import API, Error

application = {
    "app_id": "placeholder-placeholder-PRD-placeholder-placeholder",
    "cert_id": "PRD-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder",
    "dev_id": "placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder",
    "redirect_uri": "placeholder-placeholder-placeholder-placeholder"
}

user = {
    "email_or_username": "<production-username>",
    "password": "<production-user-password>",
    "scopes": [
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.inventory",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.marketing",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.account",
        "https://api.ebay.com/oauth/api_scope/sell.fulfillment"
    ],
    "refresh_token": "production-refresh_token",
    "refresh_token_expiry": "production-token_expiry"
}

header = {
    "accept_language": "en-US",
    "affiliate_campaign_id": "",
    "affiliate_reference_id": "",
    "content_language": "en-CA",
    "country": "CA",
    "currency": "CAD",
    "device_id": "",
    "marketplace_id": "EBAY_ENCA",
    "zip": ""
}

try:
    api = API(application=application, user=user, header=header)
except Error as error:
    print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason}  {error.detail}.\n')
else:
    try:
        print("The five least expensive iPhone things now for sale on-eBay:")        
        for record in api.buy_browse_search(q='iPhone', sort='price', limit=5):
            if 'record' not in record:
                pass    # TODO Refer to non-records, they contain optimization information.
            else:
                item = record['record']
                print(f"item id: {item['item_id']} {item['item_web_url']}")
    except Error as error:
        print(f'Error {error.number} is {error.reason} {error.detail}.\n')
    else:
        pass

```
When using eBay's sandbox:
1. Omit "scopes."
2. Your credentials will contain 'SBX' instead of 'PRD.'

Output.
```
The five least expensive iPhone things now for sale on eBay:
item id: v1|110551100598|410108380484 https://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/Retro-Magnetic-Wallet-Leather-Case-For-Apple-iPhone-13-Pro-Max-12-11-XR-8-Cover-/110551100598?hash=item19bd5becb6:g:aXsAAOSwaiFiyAV9
item id: v1|110551164737|410108400925 https://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/For-iPhone-6-6-7-8-Plus-LCD-Display-Touch-Screen-Replacement-Home-Button-Camera-/110551164737?hash=item19bd5ce741:g:6hcAAOSwE3Ni45Qu
item id: v1|110551164738|410108400957 https://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/For-iPhone-6-6-7-8-Plus-LCD-Display-Touch-Screen-Replacement-Home-Button-Camera-/110551164738?hash=item19bd5ce742:g:4BcAAOSwG8Ni45Ra
item id: v1|110551164739|410108400989 https://www.sandbox.ebay.com/itm/For-iPhone-6-6-7-8-Plus-LCD-Display-Touch-Screen-Replacement-Home-Button-Camera-/110551164739?hash=item19bd5ce743:g:4CEAAOSwG8Ni45SQ
```

Note that the “production_refresh_token” and “refresh_token_expiry” are dumped to the log file. 

That happens in this file https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/blob/main/src/ebay_rest/token.py, where the following line is located.
message = f'Edit to your ebay_rest.json file to avoid the browser pop-up.\n'

If your project uses log-level info or higher, the info will appear in your log. Alternately, put a breakpoint after the line of code, and cut-paste the values.

##
**Q:** Why is eBay giving an "Internal Error" or "Internal Server Error"? 

**A:** Rapidly repeating an API call with the same parameter values can trigger this.
##
**Q:** Parallelism, is it safe to do [treading](https://docs.python.org/3/library/threading.html) or [multiprocessing](https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html)?

**A:** Yes, for treading. Multiprocessing is unknown, [help wanted](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/20).
##
**Q:** How to optimize API calls?

**A:** Prioritized, do the first things first.
1. Cache results to avoid repeating calls with identical parameter values.
2. Some calls have filtering options; omit unneeded data.
3. When the call returns a list, make the call in a ["for" loop](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#for). 
4. Use [threading](https://docs.python.org/3/library/threading.html) to make calls in parallel but don't exhaust RAM.
5. Use multiprocessing. -- Multiprocessing support is a [goal](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/20). -- A safe workaround is to concurrently run copies of your program and divide the work among each.
6. Reuse the API object.
7. Switch to a faster internet connection. 
8. Switch to computer with faster cores.

##
**Q:** How to get data from a response header?

**A:** It is not currently possible; it is an [open issue](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/38).
Workarounds:
1. In some cases, another call can get the information; a demonstration is in the [unit tests](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/blob/main/tests/ebay_rest.py), search for test_sell_feed_create_inventory_task and task_id_new.
2. You could fork this library, and hack the call you need, so that it returns that needed data.
3. You could write code from scratch to make the RestFul call.
##
**Q:** How to upload a file?

**A:** It is not currently possible; it is an [open issue](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/issues/60).
Workarounds:
1. In some cases, another call can be made for each record instead of doing a bulk upload.
2. You could fork this library, and hack the call you need, to force-feed it to your file location.
3. You could write code from scratch to make the RestFul call.

## Contributing
* Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
* Note the error number guide documented in the Error class definition.
* Observe README.me files found in directories that contain generated code. 
* Please make sure to update unit tests as appropriate.

Setup Steps
1. Use your preferred Python development tools, I use [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/).
2. Make a virtual environment for pip; I use 'venv.' 
3. Install the Python libraries needed for code generation and release.
```bash
python3 -m pip install -r requirements_dev.txt
```
4. Install the code generator from [Swagger](https://swagger.io/). Run 'brew' on macOS and 'sudo' on Linux.
```bash
brew install swagger-codegen
```
```bash
sudo apt-get install swagger-codegen
```
5. In the test directory, copy "ebay_rest_sample.json" to "ebay_rest.json" and follow the instructions in the file.
6. Follow the earlier instructions about installing Chrome and chromedriver.

Development Steps:
* Watch for README.md files in directories; they contain warnings about generated code and perhaps other things.
* Do test driven development; while adding features or fixing bugs, modify /test/ebay_rest.py and run it.
* Periodically run /script/generate_code.py to get the latest API information from eBay and generate code.

Release Steps 
1. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands
   1. (macOS only) brew update && brew upgrade && brew cleanup
   2. (Linux only) sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade
   3. python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
   4. python3 -m pip install --upgrade -r requirements_dev.txt
   5. pipreqs --print src
2. edit the setup.cfg file
   1. update the section install_requires per the output from pipregs
   2. advance the version number
3. repeat until error-free 
   1. run /ebay_rest/scripts/generate_code.py
   2. run /test/ebay_rest.py
   3. resolve any errors but don't directly edit the code generated by generate_code.py
4. in the root directory of the project, run CLI commands
   1. python3 -m build
   2. python3 -m twine upload dist/\*0.0.XX\*
      1. in place of 0.0.xx put the new version number
      2. username: \_\_token\_\_
      3. password: your token

## Legal
* [MIT](https://github.com/matecsaj/ebay_rest/blob/main/LICENSE) licence.
* "Python" is a trademark of the [Python Software Foundation](https://www.python.org/psf/).
* "eBay" is a trademark of [eBay Inc](https://www.ebay.com).
* Official endorsement by [eBay Inc](https://www.ebay.com) is not claimed or implied.
* The origin of the oath code is [eBay Oauth Python Client](https://github.com/eBay/ebay-oauth-python-client).
